fix: removed addtocart notification (#747)
plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa: docs/changelog/changelog_en.md

### 🩹 Fixed

> - Removed add to cart notification from item page and category page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the "Add to Cart" notification from the item and category pages when the quick checkout modal is not present.```
